index	token	pos	definition
4830	ĠiTunes	proper noun	a software program that acts as a media player, media library, mobile device management utility, and the client app for the iTunes Store. Developed by Apple Inc., it is used to purchase, play, download, and organize digital multimedia, on personal computers running the macOS and Windows operating systems, and can be used to rip songs from CDs, as well as play content with the use of dynamic, smart playlists.
10658	taboola	proper noun	a public advertising company headquartered in New York City. The CEO is Adam Singolda, who founded the company in 2007. It provides advertisements such as "Around the Web" and "Recommended For You" boxes at the bottom of many online news articles. These sponsored links on publishers' websites send readers to the websites of advertisers and other partners. These online thumbnail grid ads are also known as chumbox ads.
11604	youtube	proper noun	an American online video sharing and social media platform headquartered in San Bruno, California, United States. Accessible worldwide, it was launched on February 14, 2005, by Steve Chen, Chad Hurley, and Jawed Karim. It is owned by Google and is the second most visited website, after Google Search.
12646	ĠGTX	proper noun	"Giga Texel Shader eXtreme" and is a type of graphics processing unit (GPU) produced by NVIDIA.
12975	ĠGeForce	proper noun	a brand of graphics processing units (GPUs) designed by Nvidia.
13291	Ġhref	proper noun	a hyperlink, or simply a link, is a digital reference to data that the user can follow or be guided to by clicking or tapping in computing.
15127	ĠNVIDIA	proper noun	an American multinational technology company incorporated in Delaware and based in Santa Clara, California. It is a software and fabless company which designs graphics processing units (GPUs), application programming interface (APIs) for data science and high-performance computing as well as system on a chip units (SoCs) for the mobile computing and automotive market.
17900	ĠDragonbound	proper noun	a multiplayer online game, and is solely for entertainment purposes and to offer fun to players around the world.
18062	ĠVerizon	proper noun	an American multinational telecommunications conglomerate and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is incorporated in Delaware, and headquartered at 1095 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
19766	ĠWikiLeaks	proper noun	a publisher and media organisation founded in 2006. It operates as a non-profit and is funded by donations and media partnerships. It has published classified documents and other media provided by anonymous sources. It was founded by Julian Assange, an Australian editor, publisher, and activist.
19791	imgur	proper noun	an American online image sharing and image hosting service with a focus on social gossip that was founded by Alan Schaaf in 2009. The service has hosted viral images and memes, particularly those posted on Reddit.
19805	ĠMHz	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for megahertz, an SI unit of frequency equal to 10^6 hertz.
19923	ĠBreitbart	proper noun	an American far-right syndicated news, opinion, and commentary website founded in mid-2007 by American conservative commentator Andrew Breitbart. Its content has been described as misogynistic, xenophobic, and racist by academics and journalists. The site has published a number of conspiracy theories and intentionally misleading stories.
21789	ĠSkyrim	proper noun	an action role-playing video game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. It is the fifth main installment in The Elder Scrolls series, following The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion (2006), and was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 on November 11, 2011.
21830	ĠComcast	proper noun	incorporated and headquartered in Philadelphia, is the largest American multinational telecommunications and media conglomerate. The corporation is the second-largest broadcasting and cable television company in the world by revenue (behind AT&T), and is also the largest pay-TV company, the largest cable TV company, and largest home Internet service provider in the United States.
22063	ĠHTC	proper noun	a Taiwanese consumer electronics company headquartered in Xindian District, New Taipei City, Taiwan. Founded in 1997, It began as an original design manufacturer and original equipment manufacturer that designed and manufactured laptop computers.
23741	GHz	symbol	(metrology) hertz, a unit of frequency.
23807	ĠHuffington	proper noun	a surname
24116	ĠCeltics	proper noun	an American professional basketball team based in Boston.
24493	duino	proper noun	a seaside resort on the northern Adriatic coast. The settlement, picturesquely situated on the steep Karst cliffs of the Gulf of Trieste, is known for Duino Castle, perpetuated by the poet Rainer Maria Rilke in his Duino Elegies.
24712	ĠLeBron	proper noun	a surname
24934	ForgeModLoader	proper noun	a plugin that adds a user-friendly and easy way to install and uninstall modifications into the game without changing the game's internal files.
25178	Quote	proper noun	is a clipped form of quotation or quotation mark.
26499	ĠGHz	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for gigahertz, an SI unit of frequency equal to 10^9 hertz.
27031	ĠGoku	proper noun	a character and the main protagonist of the Dragon Ball manga series created by Akira Toriyama. He is based on Sun Wukong, a main character of the classic 16th century Chinese novel Journey to the West, combined with influences from the Hong Kong action cinema of Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee.
27634	ĠArduino	proper noun	an open-source hardware and software company, project, and user community that designs and manufactures single-board microcontrollers and microcontroller kits for building digital devices. Its hardware products are licensed under a CC BY-SA license, while the software is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) or the GNU General Public License (GPL), permitting the manufacture of Arduino boards and software distribution by anyone.
27674	DonaldTrump	proper noun	(born June 14, 1946) is an American politician, media personality, and businessman who served as the 45th president of the United States from 2017 to 2021.
28024	realDonaldTrump	proper noun	the social media use by Donald Trump
28142	mAh	symbol	milliampere-hour; one thousandth of an ampere-hour
29258	ĠMozilla	proper noun	a free software community founded in 1998 by members of Netscape. The Mozilla community uses, develops, publishes and supports Mozilla products, thereby promoting exclusively free software and open standards, with only minor exceptions. The community is supported institutionally by the non-profit Mozilla Foundation and its tax-paying subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation.
29486	ĠArkham	proper noun	a fictional city situated in Massachusetts. An integral part of the Lovecraft Country setting created by H. P. Lovecraft, Arkham is featured in many of his stories and those of other Cthulhu Mythos writers.
29859	ĠPatreon	proper noun	a membership platform operated by Patreon, Inc., that provides business tools for content creators to run a subscription service. It helps creators and artists earn a monthly income by providing rewards and perks to their subscribers. Patreon charges a commission of 9 to 12 percent of creators' monthly income, in addition to payment processing fees.
30683	ĠBayern	proper noun	is a German professional sports club based in Munich, Bavaria. It is best known for its professional men's football team, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. 
30812	Ġprintf	proper noun	a set of functions that take a format string as input among a variable sized list of other values and produce as output a string that corresponds to the format specifier and given input values.
31032	SpaceEngineers	proper noun	a voxel-based sandbox game, developed and published by Czech independent developer Keen Software House. In 2013, the initial developmental release of the game joined the Steam early access program.
31263	ulkan Ulkan	proper noun	an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kazachinsko-Lensky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia.
32076	ĠRoberto	proper noun	a variation of the name Robert.
32418	ĠCentOS	proper noun	a discontinued Linux distribution that provided a free and open-source community-supported computing platform, functionally compatible with its upstream source, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). In January 2014, it announced the official joining with Red Hat while staying independent from RHEL, under a new governing board.
32437	ĠSmartstocks	proper noun	An Award-winning Global Equities Trading Platform.
32903	ĠQualcomm	proper noun	an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Diego, California, and incorporated in Delaware. It creates semiconductors, software, and services related to wireless technology. It owns patents critical to the 5G, 4G, CDMA2000, TD-SCDMA and WCDMA mobile communications standards.
33476	ĠMySQL	proper noun	an open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). Its name is a combination of "My", the name of co-founder Michael Widenius's daughter My, and "SQL", the acronym for Structured Query Language. 
33870	ĠPowerShell	proper noun	a task automation and configuration management program from Microsoft, consisting of a command-line shell and the associated scripting language.
33891	ĠShinji	proper noun	a masculine Japanese given name.
34238	ĠLockheed	proper noun	an American aerospace manufacturer. It was founded in 1926 and merged in 1995 with Martin Marietta to form Lockheed Martin. Its founder, Allan Lockheed, had earlier founded the similarly named but otherwise-unrelated Loughead Aircraft Manufacturing Company, which was operational from 1912 to 1920.
34559	ĠUbisoft	proper noun	a French video game publisher headquartered in Saint-Mandé with development studios across the world. Its video game franchises include Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, For Honor, Just Dance, Prince of Persia, Rabbids, Rayman, Tom Clancy's, and Watch Dogs.
34582	ĠMedline	proper noun	a bibliographic database of life sciences and biomedical information. It includes bibliographic information for articles from academic journals covering medicine, nursing, pharmacy, dentistry, veterinary medicine, and health care. It also covers much of the literature in biology and biochemistry, as well as fields such as molecular evolution.
34649	ĠKerala	proper noun	a state on the Malabar Coast of India. It was formed on 1 November 1956, following the passage of the States Reorganisation Act, by combining Malayalam-speaking regions of the erstwhile regions of Cochin, Malabar, South Canara, and Travancore. It is the 21st largest Indian state by area. It is bordered by Karnataka to the north and northeast, Tamil Nadu to the east and south, and the Lakshadweep Sea to the west. With 33 million inhabitants as per the 2011 census, it is the 13th-largest Indian state by population. It is divided into 14 districts with the capital being Thiruvananthapuram.
35663	ĠBlackhawks	proper noun	a professional ice hockey team based in Chicago. The Blackhawks compete in the National Hockey League (NHL) as a member of the Central Division in the Western Conference and have won six Stanley Cup championships since their founding in 1926. They are one of the "Original Six" NHL teams, along with the Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, and New York Rangers.
35977	ĠVulkan	proper noun	it targets high-performance real-time 3D-graphics applications, such as video games and interactive media, and highly parallelized computing. It is intended to offer higher performance and more efficient CPU and GPU usage compared to the older OpenGL and Direct3D 11 APIs. It does so by providing a considerably lower-level API for the application than the older APIs that more closely resembles how modern GPUs work.
36130	ĠPsyNet	proper noun	a new platform for running advanced behavioral experiments ranging from adaptive psychophysics to simulated cultural evolution. It builds on the virtual lab framework Dallinger.
36226	ĠmL	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for milliliter (millilitre), an SI unit of volume equal to 10^−3 liters (litres).
36309	ĠRonaldo	proper noun	a Portuguese given name equivalent to the English Ronald.
36759	ĠSergio	proper noun	a given name.
37017	ĠDirectX	proper noun	a collection of application programming interfaces (APIs) for handling tasks related to multimedia, especially game programming and video, on Microsoft platforms.
37356	ĠShutterstock	proper noun	an American provider of stock photography, stock footage, stock music, and editing tools;[4] it is headquartered in New York. Founded in 2003 by programmer and photographer Jon Oringer, Shutterstock maintains a library of around 200 million royalty-free stock photos, vector graphics, and illustrations, with around 10 million video clips and music tracks available for licensing.
37420	ĠjQuery	proper noun	a JavaScript library designed to simplify HTML DOM tree traversal and manipulation, as well as event handling, CSS animation, and Ajax.
37444	Ġpetertodd	proper noun	(born 1962) is a Canadian professor and academic administrator. He was the dean of McGill University's Desautels Faculty of Management from 2005 to 2014. From July 2015 to October 2020, he has served as the director of HEC Paris.
37527	ĠSasuke	proper noun	a masculine Japanese given name.
37597	ĠkHz	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for kilohertz, an SI unit of frequency equal to 10^3 hertz.
37754	ĠVMware	proper noun	an American cloud computing and virtualization technology company with headquarters in Palo Alto, California.
37770	ĠDjango	proper noun	a free and open-source, Python-based web framework that follows the model–template–views (MTV) architectural pattern. It is maintained by the Django Software Foundation (DSF), an independent organization established in the US as a 501(c)(3) non-profit.
38100	ĠASUS	proper noun	a Taiwanese multinational computer, phone hardware and electronics manufacturer headquartered in Beitou District, Taipei, Taiwan. Its products include desktop computers, laptops, netbooks, mobile phones, networking equipment, monitors, wi-fi routers, projectors, motherboards, graphics cards, optical storage, multimedia products, peripherals, wearables, servers, workstations and tablet PCs. The company is also an original equipment manufacturer (OEM).
38909	ĠEtsy	proper noun	an American e-commerce company focused on handmade or vintage items and craft supplies. These items fall under a wide range of categories, including jewelry, bags, clothing, home décor and furniture, toys, art, as well as craft supplies and tools. Items described as vintage must be at least 20 years old. The site follows in the tradition of open craft fairs, giving sellers personal storefronts where they list their goods for a fee of US$0.20 per item.
38928	ĠLyft	proper noun	an American company offering mobility as a service, ride-hailing, vehicles for hire, motorized scooters, a bicycle-sharing system, rental cars, and food delivery in the United States and select cities in Canada. It sets fares, which vary using a dynamic pricing model based on local supply and demand at the time of the booking and are quoted to the customer in advance, and receives a commission from each booking. It is the second-largest ridesharing company in the United States after Uber.
38994	ĠGithub	proper noun	a platform and cloud-based service for software development and version control using Git, allowing developers to store and manage their code. It provides the distributed version control of Git plus access control, bug tracking, software feature requests, task management, continuous integration, and wikis for every project. Headquartered in California, it has been a subsidiary of Microsoft since 2018.
39142	ThumbnailImage	proper noun	reduced-size versions of pictures or videos, used to help in recognizing and organizing them, serving the same role for images as a normal text index does for words. In the age of digital images, visual search engines and image-organizing programs normally use thumbnails, as do most modern operating systems or desktop environments, such as Microsoft Windows, macOS, KDE (Linux) and GNOME (Linux). On web pages, they also avoid the need to download larger files unnecessarily.
39294	Nusra	proper noun	Front for the Conquest of the Levant, was a Salafi jihadist organization fighting against Syrian Ba'athist government forces in the Syrian Civil War. Its aim was to overthrow president Bashar al-Assad and establish an Islamic state in Syria.
39393	ĠPhilippe	proper noun	a masculine given name, cognate to Philip.
39562	ĠAbedin	proper noun	an Arabic name and surname ʿĀbidīn عابدين). There are also the variant Abideen and the shortened form Abdeen. Abedin means worshipping or worshippers.
39739	ĠHulu	proper noun	an American subscription streaming service majority-owned by The Walt Disney Company, with Comcast's NBCUniversal holding a minority stake. It was launched on October 29, 2007, and offers a library of films and television series from studios including 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Disney Television Studios, ABC, Freeform, and FX Networks among others, as well as Hulu original programming.
40269	ĠLenovo	proper noun	a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in designing, manufacturing, and marketing consumer electronics, personal computers, software, business solutions, and related services. Products manufactured by the company include desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers, smartphones, workstations, servers, supercomputers, data storage devices, IT management software, and smart televisions. Its best-known brands include its ThinkPad business line of laptop computers (acquired from IBM), the IdeaPad, Yoga, and Legion consumer lines of laptop computers, and the IdeaCentre and ThinkCentre lines of desktop computers. As of 2021, it is the world's largest personal computer vendor by unit sales.
40518	ĠOnePlus	proper noun	a Chinese consumer electronics manufacturer headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It is a subsidiary of Oppo. It was founded by Pete Lau and Carl Pei on 16 December 2013 to develop a high-end flagship smartphone running Cyanogen OS.
40627	ĠMakoto	proper noun	a unisex Japanese name although it is more commonly used by males. As a noun, it means "sincerity" or "truth".
40649	ĠAlberto	proper noun	the Romance version of the Latinized form (Albertus) of Germanic Albert. It is used in Italian, Portuguese and Spanish. The diminutive forms are Albertito in Spain or Albertico in some parts of Latin America, Albertino in Italian as well as Tuco as a hypocorism. It derives from the name Adalberto which in turn derives from Athala (meaning noble) and Berth (meaning bright).
40723	ĠActivision	proper noun	an American video game publisher based in Santa Monica, California. It serves as the publishing business for its parent company, Activision Blizzard, and consists of several subsidiary studios. It is one of the largest third-party video game publishers in the world and was the top United States publisher in 2016.
40912	ĠJuventus	proper noun	a professional football club known as Juve based in Turin, Piedmont, Italy, that competes in the Serie A, the top tier of the Italian football league system. Founded in 1897 by a group of Torinese students, the club has worn a black and white striped home kit since 1903 and has played home matches in different grounds around its city, the latest being the 41,507-capacity Juventus Stadium. 
41085	Ġcoincided	verb	simple past and past participle of coincide.
41230	govtrack	proper noun	a website developed by then-student Joshua Tauberer. It is based in Washington, D.C., and was launched as a hobby. It enables its users to track the bills and members of the United States Congress. Users can add trackers to certain bills, thereby narrowing the scope of the information they receive. The website collects data on members of Congress, allowing users to check members' voting records and attendance relative to their peers. It propagates the ideology of increasing transparency in the government and building better communication between the general public and the government.
41297	ĠTAMADRA	proper noun	a creature from Puzzle & Dragons series made by GungHo Online Entertainment. It is a light-elemental monster with a star-shaped shadow and is considered a rare monster in said series. Its name is a portmanteau of the Japanese words "tama" (ball) and "doragon" (dragon).
41346	ĠTayyip	proper noun	a Turkish given name for males.
41380	natureconservancy	proper noun	a global environmental organization headquartered in Arlington, Virginia. As of 2021, it works via affiliates or branches in 79 countries and territories, as well as across every state in the US.
41538	Magikarp	proper noun	known in Japan as Koiking (Koikingu), is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokémon franchise. Created by Ken Sugimori, it first appeared in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels. They have later appeared in various merchandise, spinoff entries, and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise. Known as the Fish Pokémon, it is found in many bodies of water, especially lakes, rivers, and ponds.
41710	ĠXperia	proper noun	the brand name of smartphones and tablets from Sony. The name is derived from the word "experience", and was first used in the Xperia X1 tagline of "I Xperia the best".
41825	ĠPCIe	proper noun	a high-speed serial computer expansion bus standard, designed to replace the older PCI, PCI-X and AGP bus standards. It is the common motherboard interface for personal computers' graphics cards, sound cards, hard disk drive host adapters, SSDs, Wi-Fi and Ethernet hardware connections. It has numerous improvements over the older standards, including higher maximum system bus throughput, lower I/O pin count and smaller physical footprint, better performance scaling for bus devices, a more detailed error detection and reporting mechanism (Advanced Error Reporting, AER), and native hot-swap functionality.
41849	ĠProtoss	proper noun	the powerful and enigmatic species in the game StarCraft created by Chris Metzen and James Phinney and owned by Blizzard Entertainment.
42066	Nitrome	proper noun	a British independent video game developer based in London. The company formerly developed Unity-based games[1] (and previously Flash-based) for Web browsers, but now publishes and develops games across multiple platforms including mobile, Nintendo Switch, and PS4, with a few releases on Steam.
42076	ĠiCloud	proper noun	a cloud service developed by Apple Inc. Launched on October 12, 2011, iCloud enables users to store and sync data across devices, including Apple Mail, Apple Calendar, Apple Photos, Apple Notes, contacts, settings, backups, and files, to collaborate with other users, and track assets through Find My.
42202	GoldMagikarp	proper noun	the rarest type of Magikarp you can fish in Magikarp Jump. This is probably a reference to how "Shiny" Pokemon are rarer than normal Pokemon, and Gold Magikarp is the "Shiny" version of normal Magikarp.
42261	Ġchanted	verb	simple past and past participle of chant.
42424	DragonMagazine	proper noun	one of the two official magazines for source material for the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game and associated products, along with Dungeon.
42502	ĠNunes	proper noun	a common Portuguese surname, originally a patronymic meaning "son of Nuno".
42646	mA	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for milliampere, an SI unit of electrical current equal to 10^−3 amperes.
42646	mA	symbol	(biochemistry, genetics) methyladenine.
42750	ĠCrossRef	proper noun	a nonprofit open digital infrastructure organisation for the global scholarly research community. Uniquely and persistently recording and connecting knowledge through open metadata and identifiers for all research objects such as grants and articles. It is the largest digital object identifier (DOI) Registration Agency of the International DOI Foundation. It has 19,000 members from 150 countries representing publishers, libraries, research institutions, and funders and was launched in early 2000 as a cooperative effort among publishers to enable persistent cross-platform citation linking in online academic journals.
42792	ĠKejriwal	proper noun	a surname.
42867	ĠVegeta	proper noun	a fictional character in the Dragon Ball franchise created by Akira Toriyama. It first appears in chapter #204 "Sayonara, Son Goku", published in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine on January 7, 1989, seeking the wish-granting Dragon Balls to gain immortality.
42967	ĠYPG	proper noun	the People's Defense Units, also called People's Protection Units, is a mainly Kurdish militant group in Syria and the primary component of the Syrian Democratic Forces.
43010	ĠKinnikuman	proper noun	a Japanese manga series created by the duo Yoshinori Nakai and Takashi Shimada, known as Yudetamago. It follows Suguru Kinniku, a superhero who must win a wrestling tournament to retain the title of prince of Planet Kinniku. Nakai and Takashi planned the series when they were attending high school originally as a parody to Ultraman.
43038	ĠOkawaru	proper noun	a dangerous and powerful god of battle in a free and open source roguelike computer game Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.
43318	ĠJPMorgan	proper noun	an American multinational and universal bank and financial services firm headquartered in New York City and incorporated in Delaware. It is the largest bank in the United States and the world's largest bank by market capitalization as of 2023. As the largest of Big Four banks, the firm is considered systemically important by the Financial Stability Board. Its size and scale have often led to enhanced regulatory oversight as well as the maintenance of an internal "Fortress Balance Sheet" of capital reserves. The firm is headquartered at 383 Madison Avenue in Midtown Manhattan and is set to move into the under-construction JPMorgan Chase Building at 270 Park Avenue in 2025.
43531	ĠShinzo	proper noun	an anime television series produced by TV Asahi, Toei Advertising, and Toei Animation. It was directed by Tetsuo Imazawa, with Mayori Sekijima handling series scripts, Sachiko Kamimura designing the characters and Katsumi Horii composing the music. In the series, genetically-altered creatures known as Enterrans take over Earth and rename it in their own image called Enterra. Now three Enterrans have to protect the last human in order to find the hidden sanctuary called Shinzo and restore the human race.
43648	webkit	proper noun	a browser engine developed by Apple and primarily used in its Safari web browser, as well as all web browsers on iOS and iPadOS. It is also used by the PlayStation consoles beginning from the PS3, the Tizen mobile operating systems, the Amazon Kindle e-book reader, Nintendo consoles beginning from the 3DS Internet Browser, and the discontinued BlackBerry Browser.
44546	ĠMagicka	proper noun	an action-adventure video game developed by Swedish independent developer Arrowhead Game Studios. It was released via Steam for Microsoft Windows on January 25, 2011. It is based on Norse mythology. Up to four mages of a sacred order travel to fight against an evil sorcerer and his creations. The game world is based loosely on Norse mythology, drawing inspiration from other fantasy games like Warhammer and Diablo. In expansions, the game also explores the Vietnam War.
44547	ĠIchigo	proper noun	the Japanese word for strawberry.
44704	ĠFnatic	proper noun	a professional esports organisation headquartered in London, United Kingdom. Founded on 23 July 2004, it has players from around the world competing in several games, including Apex Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Dota 2, FIFA, Heroes of the Storm, League of Legends, Rainbow Six Siege, and Valorant.
44877	ĠWikimedia	proper noun	The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. (WMF) is an American 501(c) nonprofit organization headquartered in San Francisco, California, and registered as a charitable foundation under local laws. Best known as the hosting platform for Wikipedia, a crowdsourced online encyclopedia, it also hosts other related projects and MediaWiki, a wiki software.
45042	ĠRyzen	proper noun	a brand of multi-core x86-64 microprocessors designed and marketed by AMD for desktop, mobile, server, and embedded platforms based on the Zen microarchitecture. It consists of central processing units (CPUs) marketed for mainstream, enthusiast, server, and workstation segments and accelerated processing units (APUs) marketed for mainstream and entry-level segments and embedded systems applications.
45266	ĠXeon	proper noun	a brand of x86 microprocessors designed, manufactured, and marketed by Intel, targeted at the non-consumer workstation, server, and embedded system markets. It was introduced in June 1998.
45281	ĠGohan	proper noun	a fictional character in the Dragon Ball manga series, created by Akira Toriyama. He is introduced as the first son of the protagonist Son Goku, and his wife Chi-Chi, in chapter #196 "Kakarrot", published in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine on October 8, 1988.
45321	pmwiki	proper noun	the wiki software written by Patrick R. Michaud in the PHP programming language, and since January 2009 it is actively maintained by Petko Yotov under the oversight of Dr. Michaud.
45582	dL	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for deciliter (decilitre), an SI unit of fluid measure equal to 10−1 liters (litres).
45822	ĠCortana	proper noun	a virtual assistant developed by Microsoft, that uses the Bing search engine to perform tasks such as setting reminders and answering questions for the user.
46194	ĠRoku	proper noun	a brand of hardware digital media players manufactured by American company Roku, Inc. headquartered in San Jose, CA. They offer access to streaming media content from online services.
46198	ĠRodrigo	proper noun	a Spanish, Portuguese and Italian name derived from the Germanic name Roderick (Gothic *Hroþareiks, via Latinized Rodericus or Rudericus), given specifically in reference to either King Roderic (d. 712), the last Visigothic ruler or to Saint Roderick (d. 857), one of the Martyrs of Córdoba (feast day 13 March). The modern given name has the short forms Ruy, Rui, and in Galician Roy, Roi.
46315	ĠUltron	proper noun	a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Roy Thomas and artist John Buscema, the character first appeared as an unnamed character in The Avengers #54 (July 1968), with his first full appearance in The Avengers #55 (August 1968). He is a self-aware and highly intelligent artificial intelligence who develops a god complex and a grudge against his creator Hank Pym. His goal to destroy humanity in a shortsighted attempt at creating world peace has brought him into repeated conflict with the Avengers.
46364	ĠPetraeus	proper noun	from Latin growing with rocks, is a species name. 
46467	ĠKislyak	proper noun	a surname of Slavic-language origin.
46615	ĠGHC	symbol	(international standards, historical) ISO 4217 currency code for the former second Ghanaian cedi; a currency used from 1967 to 2007.
46889	ĠCostco	proper noun	an American multinational corporation which operates a chain of membership-only big-box retail stores (warehouse club). As of 2022, Costco is the fifth largest retailer in the world and is the world's largest retailer of choice and prime beef, organic foods, rotisserie chicken, and wine as of 2016. It is ranked #11 on the Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.
47021	ĠChocobo	proper noun	a fictional species created for the Final Fantasy franchise by Square Enix (originally Square). A galliform bird commonly having yellow feathers, they were first introduced in Final Fantasy II (1988), and have since featured in some capacity in nearly every Final Fantasy title, usually as a means of transport.
47402	ĠMulcair	proper noun	an Irish language name.
47727	ĠAadhaar	proper noun	a 12-digit unique identity number that can be obtained voluntarily by the citizens of India and resident foreign nationals who have spent over 182 days in twelve months immediately preceding the date of application for enrolment, based on their biometric and demographic data.
48080	ĠFrieza	proper noun	also known and spelled as Freeza in Funimation's English subtitles and Viz Media's release of the manga, is a fictional character in the Dragon Ball manga series created by Akira Toriyama. He makes his debut in Chapter #247: "Dark Clouds Swirl Over Planet Namek", first published in Weekly Shōnen Jump magazine on October 24, 1989, as the main antagonist of his eponymous saga, depicted as a galactic tyrant feared as the most powerful being in the universe.
48147	ĠLuffy	proper noun	also known as "Straw Hat", is a fictional character and the protagonist of the One Piece manga series, created by Eiichiro Oda. He made his debut as a young boy who acquires the properties of rubber after accidentally eating one of the Devil Fruits that belonged to “Red Hair” Shanks.
48497	ĠTakeru	proper noun	a masculine Japanese given name. It can be written using different kanji characters and can mean: "warrior", "fierce", "health", "noble", "mountain".
49090	ĠXVI	symbol	A Roman numeral representing the number sixteen (16).
49223	ĠkWh	symbol	kilowatt-hour.
49249	Ġsshd	proper noun	a logical or physical storage device that combines a faster storage medium such as solid-state drive (SSD) with a higher-capacity hard disk drive (HDD). The intent is adding some of the speed of SSDs to the cost-effective storage capacity of traditional HDDs. The purpose of the SSD in a hybrid drive is to act as a cache for the data stored on the HDD, improving the overall performance by keeping copies of the most frequently used data on the faster SSD drive.
49358	ĠXCOM	proper noun	a science fiction video game franchise featuring an elite international organization tasked with countering alien invasions of Earth. The series began with the strategy video game X-COM: UFO Defense created by Julian Gollop's Mythos Games and MicroProse in 1994. The original lineup by MicroProse included six published and at least two canceled games, as well as two novels.
49537	ĠHeisman	proper noun	awarded annually to the most outstanding player in college football. Winners epitomize great ability combined with diligence, perseverance, and hard work. It is presented by the Heisman Trophy Trust in early December before the postseason bowl games.
49750	ĠLerner	proper noun	a Jewish and German family name. Its literal meaning can be either "student" or "scholar". 
49789	ĠGoPro	proper noun	an American technology company founded in 2002 by Nick Woodman. It manufactures action cameras and develops its own mobile apps and video-editing software. Founded as Woodman Labs, Inc, the company eventually focused on the connected sports genre, developing its line of action cameras and, later, video editing software. It is based in San Mateo, California.
49832	ĠPLoS	proper noun	a nonprofit publisher of open-access journals in science, technology, and medicine and other scientific literature, under an open-content license. It was founded in 2000 and launched its first journal, PLOS Biology, in October 2003.
50001	Ġdebian	proper noun	a Linux distribution composed of free and open-source software, developed by the community-supported Debian Project, which was established by Ian Murdock on August 16, 1993. The first version was released on September 15, 1993, and its first stable version (1.1) was released on June 17, 1996. The Debian Stable branch is the most popular edition for personal computers and servers. It is also the basis for many other distributions, most notably Ubuntu.
50212	ĠGarmin	proper noun	an American, Swiss-domiciled multinational technology company founded in 1989 by Gary Burrell and Min Kao in Lenexa, Kansas, United States, with headquarters in Olathe, Kansas. Since 2010, the company is legally incorporated in Schaffhausen, Switzerland.
50223	ĠkW	symbol	(metrology) Symbol for kilowatt, an SI unit of power equal to 10^3 watts.